Fix script command dependency (#17628)
demisto/content: Packs/Active_Directory_Query/ReleaseNotes/1_4_6.md

#### Scripts
##### ADGetUser

> - Deprecated. Please use Active Directory v2 **ad-get-user** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecated. Use the ***ad-get-user*** command of the *Active Directory v2 * integration instead.
```
